Some important files that you should understand before you start running
a service that supports real users. Make sure you look at the passwd file
that YWAIT generated - there probably will be a single user named "guest"
that has an empty (i.e., ::) password field. As discussed below, it just
means the first actual login as guest gets to set the password, so you
probably should be the one to do it.

    passwd
	A simple password file that your application uses when the
	version that YWAIT originally generated is installed. The
	passwd file is read by a perl function named ValidateUser()
	that's defined in ywait_rc._PL. The ValidateUser() call that
	handles user logins comes from

		../subs/ywait_validation.pl

	so all you have to do is change that call and you can handle
	user validation any way that you choose. In other words, if
	you customize ywait_validation.pl you don't need passwd and
	you probably should change Makefile so it's not installed,
	which happens if you remove the LOCAL_INSTALL definition in
	Makefile or remove passwd from this directory.

	Comments in the passwd file explain the fields, but several
	points are worth emphasizing. You probably should not edit
	the installed version of passwd while the system is running.
	Instead create new one-line entry for a user and append that
	line to the installed version of passwd file. ValidateUser()
	doesn't object if a user has several entries - it just grabs
	the last one. The installed passwd file can grow, so what we
	typically do is have run a cron job run that moves the passwd
	file, which means nobody can log in, saves a copy somewhere,
	removes duplicate lines, and puts the cleaned up file back as
	the installed passwd file. It's a quick process that probably
	won't ever be noticed by your users. YWAIT provides a way for
	you to manage the passwd file - just take a look at the

		../admin/bin/crontab._PL
		../admin/bin/cleanup._PL

	scripts an you should see what we mean.

	The second point is that ValidateUser() interprets an empty
	password field (i.e., ::) as a request to fill it using the
	password the user supplies the next time that user logs in. 
	It's a convenient way for you to create an entry for someone
	and let them set their own password. Just remember the rules
	mentioned in the last paragraph - create a valid one-line
	entry with an empty password field and append that entry to
	the installed passwd file.

    ywait_rc._PL
	A really important file that's included by the cgi scripts

		../cgi-bin/ywait_exec._PL
		../cgi-bin/ywait_login._PL

	every time they run. There are some very important variables
	in ywait_rc._PL (they're defined after the initial comments)
	that control the behavior of your system, and if you're the
	administrator you should understand what the definitions do.
	Read the comments at the start of ywait_rc._PL and pay close
	attention to variables named RUNSTATE, PINGTIMER, LOGDETAIL,
	CHECKHOST, and SESSIONIDTIMER.

