The zip files in this directory currently include files that were distributed in
in AT&T's 2.3.1 release or were published and available elsewhere on the web. At
this point we've made no changes to the original files, however there are issues,
like references to non-existent web sites or expired trademarks, that eventually
should be addressed.

examples.zip
    These are examples that were distributed in the 2.3.1 release. Unzip
    it using

        unzip examples.zip

    and you end up with a directory named examples that contains simple
    Yoix scripts.

papers.zip
    A few papers about Yoix, including the first draft of a Yoix tutorial
    that was part of the 2.3.1 release. When you unzip the file using

        unzip papers.zip

    you end up with a directory named papers that includes the PDF files
    for the individual papers.

reference.zip
    These are the Yoix reference pages that were distributed in the 2.3.1
    release. Unzip it using something like

        unzip reference.zip

    and you end up with a directory named reference that contains the Yoix
    2.3.1 HTML reference pages. Point your browser at the index.html file
    in that directory and you should be able to explore the old Yoix 2.3.1
    documentation and the important links in those reference pages should
    all work.

---------
Wish List
---------

The files included in reference.zip clearly need lots of work, but at this point
I only have plans for some simple changes to the HTML files:

    1) According to the website

           https://www.uspto.gov/trademark

       the AT&T's Yoix trademark has been dead since March 28, 2014. Every
       HTML page in the doc.zip file in the 2.3.1 release claims that Yoix
       is a trademark of AT&T, which is no longer true. The change would
       simply remove the trademark claim, because it no longer appears to
       be true.

    2) The HTML pages all reference the URL

           http://www.research.att.com/css/global.css

       which no longer exists. All references probably should be removed.

    3) Examples in some reference pages undoubtedly mention nonexistent
       websites, like

           http://www.yoix.org
           http://www.research.att.com/sw/tools/yoix

       All of those references should eventually be dealt with, maybe by
       pointing them at new Yoix related URLs that actually exist. This
       isn't a high priority, so it probably won't happen anytime soon.

