Stuff in this directory builds the installer (an executable jar file) that
clients can use to load the software needed to access your application, a
web page with instructions and a link to that installer.

This undoubtedly is the most difficult source directory. The Makefile is
quite confusing, but there's probably not too much that can be done to
simplify things because it's hard work that takes several steps. Building
your installer mirrors how the official Yoix installer has been built for
many years now.

Fortunately, you don't have to understand the Makefile or the installer,
because there probably are only three files you'll ever change:

    Ywait_Installer._HTML
	A web page with instructions and a link to the installer that
	your clients use to load your application on their system. As
	you probably guessed, this file is preprocessed by gsubsti.yx
	and installed in SERVER_DOCDIR when you run make. There's also
	supposed to be a link to this page in your application's main
	web page (i.e., ../htdocs/index._HTML).

    Ywait_Installer._YX
	A complicated Yoix script that builds the GUI that your clients
	interact with when they run the installer. There's probably not
	much to change here, however the panels and messages displayed
	by those panels are all defined in this file. For example, look
	for WelcomePanel or WelcomeMessage and you'll find things that
	are used to build the first screen that the installer displays.
	NOTE - we're not talking about the splash screen that pops up
	when the installer is started.

    yoix.jar
	A jar file that includes the Yoix interpreter and any optional
	custom modules that your application needs. New releases of the
	Yoix interpreter are available at:

		http://www.yoix.org/

	A jar file and the interpreter's source code are both available
	at that site. Replace yoix.jar in this directory (probably after
	saving a copy) with a different version and that's what will be
	used to build your installer and your application's jar file the
	next time you run make.

	We suggest that you change the value assigned to JARFILE_RELEASE
	in ../make/variables.mk whenever the yoix.jar changes. The value
	assigned to JARFILE_RELEASE ends up in the jar file that clients
	get when they run the installer, and code that runs on the server
	can compare that value to a list of acceptable values and use the
	result of that comparison to decide if client's jar file needs to
	be updated. The server code that handles the checks can be found
	in ../etc/ywait_rc._PL and you should notice that JARFILE_RELEASE
	is used in the list of allowed releases in that file.

	YWAIT doesn't use symbolic links in the package that it generates,
	but that doesn't mean you can't. In fact, one of the things you
	might want to do is rename yoix.jar so it includes JARFILE_RELEASE
	in its name and then make yoix.jar a symbolic link to that file.
	For example, if JARFILE_RELEASE is set to 1.0.0 in the top level
	Makefile, then something like

		mv yoix.jar yoix.jar_1.0.0
		ln -s yoix.jar_1.0.0 yoix.jar

	would be a reasonable way to reorganize this source directory.

